hey guys it's anthony and before this
video starts i just want to give you a
quick introduction to what my new
channel is going to be this channel will
feature a variety of videos taken and
sent in by you my subscribers and put up
for everybody else to see I went to the
tables ladders chairs pay-per-view last
night in Baltimore and I took a bunch of
footage and I thought this would be a
really cool idea for a channel to be
able to see WWE from a fan who is an
attendances point of view so check the
description below if you want details on
how to submit a video to me so I can put
it on this channel channel for everyone
to see and without further ado here's
the clip you have been waiting for for
my awesome night at last night's TLC
pay-per-view see ya
thank you
Oh
in the earth
you